Graphic Designer
The Negotiator Magazine
Liverpool, Sydney NSW
Art Direction (Advertising, Arts & Media)
Casual/Vacation
Posted 6d ago
More jobs from this company

The Negotiator Magazines

Please note this an onsite position .

Established in the 2005, we are Sydney's largest coupon-based advertising magazine, up to 6 editions delivering over 340,000 copies monthly across south-western Sydney. Through successful advertising, we have helped a lot of local and national clients grow their business. As we are looking at expanding, we are looking for a Graphic Designer that will fit in to our small but enthusiastic team to produce fresh new content that reflects the brand and style.

Key Requirements: · Qualifications in Graphic Design or Visual Communication. · Proficient in Adobe Cs InDesign, Photoshop, After Effects and Illustrator. · Strong print design skills including finished art (in Design) · Animation skills (After Effects) · Image retouching skills (Photoshop) · Team skills (co-coordinating with team leader & sales staff on design direction) · Good communication skills. Ability to answer phone calls and speak to clients over the phone · HTML, CSS & Social Media familiarity · Attention to detail is critical · Ability to work with minimal instructions & supervision · Good time management and organizational skills · Ability to respond to creative briefs quickly and efficiently · Ability to cope under stress and tight deadlines · Industry design experience preferred but not essential.

Desired Skills: · Tech-savvy. We would like someone that knows their way around PCs. · Video filming & edition skills / experience. · Knowledge of Advertising and prepress techniques would be an advantage. · Experience in UX / UI design. · Experience using mass email marketing software's such as Mail Chimp also an advantage

This is a 6-12 month On-site in the Liverpool Area position. 

Must have Own ABN is required.

You will be responsible for your own super tax insurance etc. Current driver license and checkable references. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to ultimately grow within the role.

If you are a creative and driven individual looking to join a team of friendly and motivated professionals, please send your resume accompanied by a cover letter addressing the criteria listed above and any links to your portfolio or examples of your work in PDF format to this site
Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:

How many years of graphic design experience do you have?
Which of the following Adobe products are you experienced with?
Have you worked in a role which requires HTML development experience?
Have you worked in a role which requires CSS development experience?
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
Which of the following Microsoft Office products are you experienced with?

    How would you rate your English language skills?

Report this job advert

